Genshin Impact is an open world RPG.
You know, Genshin actually isn't very open world.
Like, compared to a lot of good, actually, open world
world games. It's not open world at all. There's so many loading screens to get into buildings.
But an actual open world RPG? I don't know if you've played it.
The Final Fantasy... Final Fantasy XIV.
I guess actually open world cuz like I walked into a building and I wasn't here with a loading screen and I was like wow
i just walked into a building without a loading screen that's crazy
Oh- I- It's a free tutorial. the free,The free...
The trail at the game ,it actually gets you to level 60
And that's a lot of content. It's a lot of free content.
Ohhhh..
Yeah, play Final Fantasy XIV on Steam. Just get the demo, that's free.
It's like a lot of content for a demo, trust me. Hi.
Will you play in Hong Kong?
zero attention span with the sun.
Every time I play Marvel Rivals, I put an ice pack on my comp.. my laptop.
because that's the only way for it to run from smelling like soap. I'm not judging you.
Like, I feel like
I'm loading. Yeah
30 minutes. 30 minutes is crazy.
No, it's just a device problem. It's just that your device... No, it's just...
Yea
it fried your phone
It's just that the device is getting like worn out in the game
No, this tax is kind of lagging.
Wait, you don't have Loose Text as an emulator? You don't know what an emulator is?
I don't really like it, honestly. That's really like
Windows? You can get Genshin on a Windows computer.
My gaming laptop is a window.
I have a laptop .It works on mine
Make sure you have a really good fan. Make sure you have a really good fan.
Haahaahaa..
so now it's low quality and really really, yeah
I got ya.
No, yeah, I got a gaming laptop back in like 2020 and that's why I can run all these games.
The only reason I can run all these games is because I have a gaming laptop.
Wait, it's so good to have like a good- I want a good setup one day.
Like, you know what, have you played Sims? Like, the Sims 4?
Like there's this joke that people who play the Sims 4, cause like it's a lot of
The joke is they bought a supercomputer that NASA could use.
Just to run Sims 4. Because they have so many packs on you and stuff.